Express delivery, coming through.
- Hey! That's my soda!
- Thank you!
This delivery is late, O,
but you got 30 seconds
- on the time-slide multiplier.
- Watch out!
I got this.
20 seconds, O.
Uh, hey.
You're only 50 gems
from a secret bike upgrade.
Yikes!
Whoo!
Target acquired.
Hey. Riding here.
Nine, eight...
...seven, six...
...five,
four, three,
two, one.
Delivered.
- One box of paperclips.
- Whew.
Congratulations, O.
Secret bike upgrade unlocked.
Thanks, Buddi.
Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org
So, what do I get?
Gecko-tread tires?
Maybe a padded seat?
We're talking legendary-status swag.
You won... burnt orange.
Virtual paint job,
only some restrictions apply.
What the...
Did you know
that 67.2% of Buddibot users
find virtual rewards satisfying?
They have become
the biggest motivators in our toolbox.
Fast delivery, great for the environment.
And with the added value
of virtual validation?
Priceless.
Speaking of virtual validation,
I'm so proud of your achievement, O.
Yeah, because burnt orange
is so much more awesome than orange.
Yes, it is. And more awesomeness awaits,
because lunch break is over.
Hey there, O.
Uh, my name's Johnny. Nice to meet you.
I've, uh, got a package
for you to deliver.
Sorry, uh, Johnny, right?
Y-You got to go through dispatch, man.
I-I can't take random packages...
Don't trust him. This guy looks sketchy.
"Grimsby"? Why is that so...
Trust me. Only you can deliver this.
Whoa, hold on.
What is this thing?
A conduit.
What the...? Hey!
- No. No, no. Hey!
- It is the most valuable thing in the world.
Assuming you have
a great imagination, of course.
Uh, is this thing real?
Ah, you're real. Wow.
But you better get going
before they take it.
Who?
- See that?
- What's going on?
Whoa!
- Ma'am, I'm gonna need you to hand over the conduit.
- Whoa!
Wait, no, hold on. Trust me, I'm trying.
- But it won't hand over me.
- The conduit, now!
Just give it to them, O.
Face liberty, courier.
You can't run from freedom!
- Halt! Stop!
- Hey, hey, hey!
Democracy isn't done with you, girl!
Uh, Buddi, I have no idea
what's going on, but map me.
12394 Grimsby.
This gelatinous creature
is an unauthorized passenger.
Oh, shit!
And that is an unauthorized colossus.
What is that?
It's following us!
Oh, no, no, no. Move, move, please!
It must belong to these creatures.
Let them have it.
Buddi, we can't just... Whoa!
Oh, God, this is amazing!
This is definitely
not an approved upgrade.
Woo-hoo! That was insane!
Seriously?
You guys want to play?
Then game on.
Can't touch this.
- Shit.
- Halt!
- You can't run from freedom!
- Gimme that conduit.
Any ideas?
Sweet liberty.
What is that?
I don't know,
but let's shoot it.
Woo-hoo!
Dude, you're like a wizard.
Now that was off the hook.
All right, okay, which way?
- Let's do it!
- No way.
Your Deliverus contract
clearly stipulates...
The conduit
or molten lead, courier.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
- Democracy isn't done with you!
- O!
- Stop. I can't see, you little bastard.
Exit the vehicle, now.
Cease and desist right now.
If you do not do it,
I am taking away burnt orange.
It's just orange!
No!
Whoo! We are next level now!
This is zero-gem behavior, O.
You know what, Buddi?
Screw you and your stupid little gems
because I quit!
You can't quit ever.
You must keep playing.
Buddi, get off of me,
you creepy little robot.
Okay, hold on, okay?
I'm gonna get you home.
Well, someone didn't read
their Buddibot user agreement carefully.
I don't play games.
I win them.
You're the main character.
Shit!
Game over, O.
You lose.
Oh, look. Grimsby.
I-I've... reset your account.
Please re-enter your password...
P-P-Password.
What a sore loser.
Hello? Anybody home?
Everyone, grab a controller.
Mom, Mom, we beat it.
All right, O,
time for dinner.
Coming!
- One more minute, Mom.
- Ah, just one more round.
This next level is crazy.
The Source.
Right. I get it now.
Whoa!
I remember.
The world used
to feel like this every day.
- Yo, that was fun, though.
- I told you she'd be good.
Hey.
Nice bike, O. Love the color.
But... you know,
it might look better in burnt orange.
So, what was this all about?
Just a little game we like to play.
Kind of a test, really.
And I totally passed.
So... best two out of three?
You know what? Why not?